Java 8 Advantages
What is Functional interface
what is lamba
Streams
Microservices disadvantages
Microservices communication
Spring security- how do you secure your APIs
jwt token generation
Inversion of control
Dependency injection
Database how to increase performance
How to mock third party Api
java 8 question:
List  list= [2,3,4,5,9,2,5,5,0,6,123,123,12,9,8,9,8]. Sort this list based on element frequency,if any two number have same frequency greater value comes first.
Difference between java 17 and java 16
Will migration from older java version to latest java version improve performance and how
Have you used Stream API in your project
Using Stream API how to find sum of Array
explain stream aggregate for array and filter functions
How to use re-set in java explain
Why we need spring boot when we have spring
what is the difference between spring singleton and java singleton
Different types of injection in spring and what is the differene among them
How do you handle exception in current project/application
Custome exceptions in java will you use Checked or unchecked exceptions and why are you choosing that.
what do you understand by bean in spring
what is annotations in spring boot
what is inversion of control in spring boot
what are the different frame work younhave used for unit testing.
He asked the best practices to follow while writing an API. And then gave an example like suppose we have to update the dept of an employee how we'll write following the best practices.
SOLID principles 
TaskExecutor
Service Registry
Monitor Service failure
Query for pagination
How to make a class thread safe while implementing async programming?
Advantage of SpringBoot over Spring
How to mock a method in controller class?
What is ResponseEntity?
Different http status codes.
One client needs the response from the service in JSON format and another client needs in XML format. How will you handle this scenario?
What happens if we annotate a service class with @Repository?
New features in Java 11.
asked to write method signature only of Rest API Controller logic.
He asked the best practices to follow while writing an API. And then gave an example like suppose we have to update the dept of an employee how we'll write following the best practices.
Difference b/n spring singleton and Java singleton
Design patterns :factory ,Singleton, strategy
dependency Injection ,Constructor ,setter injection , and difference
Spring vs SPring boot
BeanFactory and applicationContext container how objects are created and differences
Hibernate Cache
Diff b/n Hibernate and JPA
Microservices Transaction
fallback methods and Circuit Breaker
SOLID principles
better to have AWS knowledge

coding :
Reversing words in given string.
EmployeeUpdate()-> rest endpoint
Junit Test case using Mockito for rest controller
String str="AABBB";find hightest number of time cocurence character; 
RestEnd -> point creating Employee 
Microservices disadvantages 
Unit testing  
Experiance on Microservices 
Security related Oauth, jwt security  
Connecting DB things .. 
creational design pattern 
SOLID principles 
Spring Bean and Java Bean Difference 
Have used Singleton class without sprinboot  
About Factory Design Pattern  

coding :
write code to check palindrom string
From list of employee get the salary of employee in list using java8
EmployeeUpdate()-> rest endpoint

Microservices disadvantages
Microservices communication
solid principle
difference between Dependency inversion and Dependency injection
how to find issue in microservices failure
how to handle response in case of microservice failure in your project
dependency Injection ,Constructor ,setter injection
how to handle asysnc comunication in microservices
difficulty faced for microservices




